


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}


***BGround_BG06_00


Today's heat was incomparable to yesterday's.

I gave up on weeding the ground, and instead
pushed hallway cleaning up the schedule to avoid
the sun.

Having cleaned up a fair bit, I leaned against the
wall to take a breather. Just then, I heard
footsteps.


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{50}

The small and somewhat distant footsteps seemed to
have been coming from the above the staircase
right next to the wall I was leaning against.

The restless pitter patter of the steps sounded
more like that of a student rather than a teacher.

？？？
『..., ......, .....』

I heard the sound of a girl's whispers. Just who
could it be...?

***BGround_BG27_01


？？？(CH01_0148)
『...obody's here, what do I do? Where's the
　classroom... Uuu... am I on the wrong floor...』


That voice... is it Otoha-chan?

Seems like she's lost. Should I go and call out to
her? Or maybe...

The moment I had that thought, the footsteps
became louder, in my direction.


***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_Mix{60}


Then I saw a head pop out, a few steps above the
landing.


***ST_オトハ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み02_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0149)
『Ah--』


When our eyes met, she did a double take from
surprise, before smiling back.

***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0150)
『Uncle!』


As she waved at me, she ran down the steps,
without looking away.


***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_Mix{100}


Reaching the landing, she started going down the
steps towards me without stopping for even a
moment.

主人公
『Oh--, Otoha-chan. Didn't expect to see you here.』

She must have been very happy to see me, as she
ran down even faster, while still staring right at
my face.


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}


***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑_口微笑_赤み03_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0151)
『What a coincidence, really! Fufuh--, I'm so
　ha...--!』


***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口驚き_赤み02_中央

Ah... there were still a few steps to go, but I
could see her posture collapsing forwards in
realtime.

***SE_つまずくBody armor 1

主人公
『Hey--...!!』


***FadeIn_InSide_Black　


***SE_ドスン・ドサ音2
***CameraShake
***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口驚き_赤み02_画面外
***BGround_BG99_00


主人公
『O-Otoha-chan, are you okay...?』


***SE_Heart beating_Mix
My heart was still pounding from the adrenaline.

...Did I manage to catch her?

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0152)
『Un... cle...』


Aah...


***FadeOut_InSide_Black　
***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_00

She was there, right in front of my face,
petrified... so she was alright, phew...

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0153)
『U--, Uncle, I--...』


主人公
『...Are you hurt? Tsss...』

I'd tried to catch her by her shoulders but, since
it was so sudden, her flying momentum managed to
topple me too...

and so I lost my balance, and fell on my ass.

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0154)
『A-Are you okaay....?』


...Great. Still... she's really close....

I smelt a woman's... no, a faintly sweet, girlish
scent. My nose worked overtime on its own to
inhale it.

Aah, it's been a while since I've gotten a whiff
of a woman... No, it was so exquisite, it felt
like my first time.

And what's more, because we were so close, I could
even feel the warmth of the body it came from.


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_01


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0155)
『I-I'm sorry! Uncle, does it hurt? Are you okay?』


主人公
『Y-Yeah... I'm fine. I fell on my butt so it
　wasn't that bad.』

It was still tingling, but it really shouldn't be
anything that serious.

More importantly, the sweet scent coming from her
was making me ridiculously horny.

I needed to get her off me, and then get up
myself.

Else, I'd definitely end up popping a chub. The
girl I wanked to just the other day was in my
arms. It'd be weirder if I didn't get hard.

Nn...?

Right now, my hands were...

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_02

...right on her boobs.

主人公
『...?!』

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_03


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0156)
『U-U-Uncle, I'm sorry. I must be heavy.』


No, that wasn't it. Right now, my hands were... being
pressed thoroughly against the chest of this girl,
who was so close to me that I could feel her breath.

Even though it was through a bra... I could still
feel just how soft, yet firm they were.

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_04


My fingers moved on their own.

Aah... yep, it was exactly the sensation I
expected.

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_05


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0157)
『I-I'll move right away--...!!』


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_06


Otoha-chan seemed to have noticed herself, that we
were too close, but if she keeps up that restless
fumbling, she'll never manage to get up.

Her youthful, still developing chest was pushing
itself into my palms, moving and squeezing itself
softly.

This is... not good.... the urge to just throw
caution to the wind and stick my dick in was
slowly overtaking me.

She was my niece, a girl I'd only oggled until
now... But now, I wanted to hold her, fuck her
while looking at her up close.

I wanted to teach her what a man was. I wanted to
make her blush, and make her climax with my own
hands.

Just what sort of moans would she make? Would they
be high pitched like her yelps just now, or...

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_07


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0158)
『Ah--... nnn...』


But as I heard her trying to hold in her gasps, I
came back to my senses.

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_08


主人公
『I-I'll get up and out, sec.』

I tried to stay calm, but my words came out rapid
fire. In my head, there was nothing but the desire
to devour her.

The lust I'd been holding in exploded out, no
longer under my control. My breathing became
rough.

I wanted to keep touching her more. I wanted to
rub them. The feeling of them, befitting their
size, felt obscenely raw in my palms.

Buried under her clothes... was I'm sure the same
fine and smooth skin, as she had everywhere else.

And at the very centers of her mounds...


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_09


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0159)
『Yah--... nn--, n-no, I'll--...』


I couldn't help give them a squeeze. Not like
she'd realize that I did it on purpose.


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_10


I wanted to hear her more. I wanted to touch her
more. I wanted to make her moan. An opportunity
like this might never come again.

主人公
『Otoha-chan...』

I wanted to enjoy the sensation, just one more
time.

I moved my fingers in time with our breathing, so
that she wouldn't notice.

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0160)
『Wah--... what do I--』


Her face was getting redder and redder. From this
up close... it was ridiculously provocative.

Her breathing was getting rough too. It almost
felt like foreplay.

主人公
『Otoha-chan, erhm...』

My fingers, my hands were in paradise. ...I
couldn't help but want to ravish her. I wanted to
turn her over, pin her down and do her like this.

Yes, push her down, hold her down under me, and
spread her legs, and...


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_11


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0161)
『U--... Uncle... uhm... "something" is... poking,
　into...』


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_12


主人公
『--...』

Damn... Of course I got an erection, considering I
was imagining all that.

Normally, I'd never think much of it but, right
now she was pressed against me.

And she could feel it. And she was my niece, at
that.


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_13


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0162)
『..................』

For a moment, all the blood drained from my face.

But Otoha-chan didn't seem to be disgusted by my
vile side at all, she just seemed to be
embarrassed and confused.

...It'd be better for the both of us to just laugh
this off and never talk about it again.

I couldn't think of any better way to settle this
other than that.

主人公
『S-Sorry, my bad. Hahahah...』

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_14


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0163)
『N-No. Uhm--... you're a man, so... I-I'm sorry
　too...』


Just what is that reaction? Is it just her innate
soft nature, or is she confused, or what...

Feeling a bit calmer myself thanks to it, I picked
her up and off myself.


***Cinema_END
***BGround_BG27_00


主人公
『Uhm... are you really okay?』

I tried to put on an act, but my crotch was still
pitching a tent, and we were both breathing
roughly.

It was just way too shameless a question to ask.

***ST_オトハ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0164)
『Nn...』


主人公
『I see. ...That's good then.』

***ST_オトハ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0165)
『I... Is the class 1-B... on this floor...?』


主人公
『Yeah, just go to the end of the hall, and don't
　go up the stairs, it's just around the corner from
　them.』

As I was explaining to her, the sensation of her
chest against my fingers... was still lingering in
my mind.

***ST_オトハ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0166)
『T-Thank you, uncle. It's my first extra class, so
　I got lost... I'm gonna go then--!』


***ST_オトハ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_画面外


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}


Even long after she was gone, forget going limp,
my cock was harder than ever.

I sighed at the fact that we couldn't stay tangled
like that for a bit longer, not even bothering to
worry about her noticing my erection.


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0167)
『Haah--, haah--....』


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}
***BGround_BG06_00


***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0168)
『Haah... haah... haah...』


***ST_オトハ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0169)
『I ran all the way... I need to calm down...』


***ST_オトハ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0170)
『Uncle's... on my chest...』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0171)
『His hands... like this...』


***ST_オトハ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0172)
『Nn--... nnnn--...』


***ST_オトハ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0173)
『Gosh--. I'm making, weird noises--...』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0174)
『What is this... my heart's pounding so much. When
　I think about how he touched me... it feels weird.
　My body feels...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0175)
『I want to... touch myself more... maybe... in
the, shadows here...』


***FadeIn_InSide_Black
――――――


***BGround_BG28_00

―――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***ST_オトハ_E1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み07_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0176)
『Uncle's... the hands of the man I love, touching
　me... nn--...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0177)
『Even though... I'm touching them myself... it
feels completely different... and yet... thinking
back to it... is making me so aroused...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0178)
『My boobs... made him... so hard down there...
　haah, haah...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0179)
『--...!!! Even my own words... were arousing me.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑NL_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0180)
『I feel so restless... haah... nn--...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0181)
『Haah, fuuh... haah....』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0182)
『You can even, see my nipples through the clothes
now. They're pushing up against my bra... rubbing
against it.』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0183)
『Haah--, haah--....』


***Face_オトハ_目困りNL_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0184)
『It feels harsh. I'm out of breath. But not from
the run... what is, this...』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0185)
『Uncle's... w-was so big... that was... a man's...
　d... d... dick... wasn't it....』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0186)
『He became like that... haahaaah... because he got
　aroused too, didn't he...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0187)
『The fact that he got big means...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み09

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0188)
『We... we could, have sex... men get hard... when
they want to have sex, right?...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0189)
『Haah, haaah--....』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0190)
『But, that means it'll go... inside me, right?
　Something that big... inside me...?』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0191)
『I'm sweating so much. I feel so hot.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0192)
『Haah, haah... but would it really fit... what
　would it feel like... it sounds, painful...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0193)
『Haah... ah... w-will it feel good... that's
　how... men get big, huh...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0194)
『I can't, stop touching myself. I can't believe
I'm doing this at school... even though I've got
extra lessons to attend.』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0195)
『Nn... hah... ah... ah... haah...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0196)
『Even though I'm just touching my chest, my boobs... it
feels completely different when I imagine it's him... I can
feel something I don't know, gushing out from deep inside me.』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0197)
『I feel tingly, and restless, and my head... is
spinning. My nose feels numb, and it feels like I
can't breathe...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0198)
『U-Uncle... ah, haah... ah...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口無表情_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0199)
『If someone finds me like this... no, I shouldn't
be doing this even without that risk.』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0200)
『Ever since we met again, I've been feeling
weird...』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑NL_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0201)
『Something's wrong with me. But I can't stop.』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0202)
『What do I do...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み09

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0203)
『Something's really wrong with me...』


