


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}


***BGround_BG06_00

Having finished up my chores, I was back to
cooling off inside the school. It was too much
trouble to go back to my room.

I already finished up all the tasks I absolutely
had to do today. All that's left now is to
patrol...

I thought while wandering around the place.

***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

Guess I could carry the equipment I'll need
tomorrow down to the storehouse. But at the same
time, it's way too hot today. I don't want to go outside.

Guess I'll just walk around pretending to patrol
instead.

If I take my usual route, a teacher might stop me
and push some annoying chores onto me though.

Guess I'll go somewhere I don't usually...


***FadeIn_InSide_Black
***SE_END

―――――――

―――――

***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{100}

After walking a while, I heard several voices that
were for sure from female students.

It's probably some club. Thinking that, I
continued walking down the way I was going.

As I did, I arrived at the gym. Though I could
hear voices, I didn't hear any balls bouncing
around.

It must be the rhythmic gymnastics club then. If
so, I've hit it big today... Let's take a peek.


***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***SE_END

***BGround_BG18_00


Just as I expected, a feast for the eyes was
waiting for me. The rhythmic gymnastics club was
in session.

***BGM_teddy

Right in front of me were girls in leotards that
clung tightly to their bodies.

And their club advisor wasn't around either.

Lively girls squealing about really are a sight
for sore eyes. They probably hadn't started
practice yet, as they were still doing warm-ups.

The smooth, and reflective fabric clung to their stretched
out arms, and everything from the fat on their arms to the
joint where they connected to their torso was easy to see.

And they were all spreading their legs so
shamelessly, it felt almost like they were doing
it for me. Truly, they were some unladylike poses.

Just thinking about how their young and juicy
pussies were hidden behind those thin pieces of
fabric was enough to make my own crotch hot.

...Ah, this is too good. I'll have to keep this in
mind for when I rub one out to some highschool
gymnastics stuff later.

With how flexible the girls here were, I'm sure no
pose or position would be too much for them.

I'll creampie all of them lots in my head.

女子部員Ａ
『Let's do it together.』

女子部員Ｂ
『Nn, my right side feels a bit tighter today...』

女子部員Ｃ
『Alright, don't hold your breath, exhale and
　stretch~』

The voices flying around me were all young and
pleasant ones.

I savoured each of the girls with my eyes, from
the tops of their head to the tips of their toes.

From their bone structures to their flesh, their
height and their breasts... thanks to their
leotards, I could see it all.

女子部員Ｄ
『For today's solo activity, I think I'm gonna do a
　wheel pose.』

女子部員Ｅ
『Ah, I wanna do that too!』

The way they were just talking on innocently
without even knowing just how they were being
looked at was also great.

Looking at them like this, I could see a few that
were maintaining their white skins using
sunscreen, and a tanned few that didn't bother too.

Although they had different physiques, they were
all healthy, firm and with glossy skins.


***ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み02_中央

Especially that girl over there, her skin was
particularly glossy. And her build was quite...

***ST_ココア_B1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_中央

？？？(CH04_0000)
『Nn? ...Hey! What are you looking at!!』


主人公
『...--?!』

Even though I was looking in with half my body
hidden, someone noticed, huh... My shoulders
shook.

？？？(CH04_0159)
『Outsiders aren't allowed in here, you know?』


What, is it... that gal...? She was in a leotard
too but there was something about her that was
different from the others.

Sticking out like a sore thumb now, I racked my
head.


***ST_ココア_B1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_左１
***ST_リノ_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0020)
『...Cocoa? What's wrong?』


***ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0001)
『Ah, senpai. Look, that old man over there. He's
　really staring at us.』


Ah, it's Rino-chan... but as I was thinking that,
I'd already been pointed to, so I couldn't exactly
hide myself anymore.

It'd be more unnatural to pretend I don't know
her, so I just raised my hand and greeted her.

***ST_リノ_A3_レオタード(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0021)
『Ah...』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目驚き_口驚き_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0002)
『Nn? Senpai, do you know him? A dirty old man like
　him?』


***ST_リノ_A3_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0022)
『Eh...? Ah, yeah. I mean, we just talked a bit the
　other day, is all...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0023)
『He's... not an outsider, he's the new custodian
　here.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0003)
『Eh? Really? Hoh...』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃
『...............』

***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口への字_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0004)
『Senpai, what's wrong?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0024)
『I'll go talk to him, okay?』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口驚き_赤み02_左１

***BGM_FadeOut

田中 心々愛(CH04_0005)
『Ah, ok.』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口驚き_赤み02_画面外


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

***BGM_silent_malice

She, who'd been talking to the gal, started
walking towards me.

And then stood right in front of me. I was a lucky
man, being able to see her like this from up
close.

主人公
『Hey there, Rino-chan.』

***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0025)
『...Uhm, can't you call me by my lastname
　instead?』


Though she was talking to me, she seemed more
concerned about her clubmates right behind her.
Her gaze was moving all around.

主人公
『Sure. Your clubmates probably don't know about
　the relationship we have, after all.』

***ST_リノ_C1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口への字_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0026)
『Why would I... also, could you not put it that
　way?』


The way her outfit showed off her body attracted
me more than her cold attitude could put me off.

主人公
『Sorry, sorry. That aside... I talked about your
　club but, I didn't know you did it in leotards
　like these. It's really something, I'll say.』

***ST_リノ_C1_レオタード(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0027)
『E-Eh, what are you...?』


主人公
『You're all big now, and you've got lots of
　juniors too... and more than anything, you've
　grown up into a healthy girl, Rino-chan.』

***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0028)
『I told you--, don't call me that... wuh, where
　are you even looking?』


主人公
『Aah, sorry. I guess I should call you
　Akatsuki-san? It's hard to help it with the way
　you're dressed, my bad.』

Trying to poke at the way she was putting distance
between us, I threw obvious glances at her chest
and hips.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0029)
『...Just go.』


主人公
『Go where?... Uncle works here, you know?』

***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0030)
『Go back to work then. We clean up after ourselves
　here, and we have our own advisor, so you don't
　need to patrol around here.』


主人公
『I see... Guess I'll take care of some other work
　then.』

I got to see a whole lot up close today. A bit
more would have been nice but... I'll step back
here for now.

There was no point in getting her any more
emotionally charged than she already was anyway,
at least for now.

主人公
『Do your best with your club activities then.』


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

I turned around, and then walked out, thinking
about where to head to next.

***ST_リノ_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0031)
『...Haah....』


***ST_リノ_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_画面外

***BGM_FadeOut

As I glanced back one last time, I saw her
returning back to that gal.

***BGM_teddy


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_中央

田中 心々愛(CH04_0006)
『Haah~, I can feel it loosening up~.... uh,
　senpai... you look really tired, you know? What's
　wrong?』


***ST_ココア_S5_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_左１
***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0032)
『Nn... it's nothing. Erhm... well, I told him I'd
　tell the other girls, since many of them don't
　know that there's a new custodian around.』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0007)
『Ah, of course~. Even I thought he looked real
　dodgy for a sec there~』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0033)
『Ahahah...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0034)
『Alright, guess I'll start too...』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み02_左１
***ST_リノ_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0008)
『But still, even if he wasn't an outsider... he
　was looking at us with some real leery eyes, you
　know?~』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0035)
『Eh... probably not, I'd say...』


***ST_リノ_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１
***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0009)
『No no, he was really staring, you know? Just how
　bottled up can a guy be?』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃
『............』

***ST_ココア_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0010)
『He looked like a real loser, bet he's got nobody
　to fuck~. The way he was looking at us was super
　greasy too~』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0036)
『Cocoa, could you stop it at that?』


***ST_ココア_S5_レオタード(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0011)
『But if he ain't got anyone but us to use as his
　fap goods then I guess I don't mind him ogglin' at
　us a bit.』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0012)
『Not to mention, thinking about him just
　desperately rubbing one off to us is kinda
　arousing, in a really degrading way, you know?』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0037)
『Cocoa! I told you to cut it out!』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0013)
『Uu-- ...Okay~. My bad.』


***ST_リノ_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0038)
『Come on, we're stretching here! Focus, focus!』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0014)
『Okay~. Straight as ever, senpai. Nn...』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0039)
『You're just too casual. Not to mention, rhythmic
　gymnastics is a show sport so--... fuuuh... we
　can't let gazes get to us.』


***ST_ココア_S5_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0015)
『--... fuuh....』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0040)
『...Ah~! Alright, time for the next one.』


***ST_リノ_B1_レオタード(着衣)_目デオォ_口微笑_赤み02_右１
******ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0041)
『Come on then, bend forward.』


***ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0016)
『Ugeh... I'm seriously bad at that...』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0042)
『Jeez~, you always say that. Haven't you been
　saying that since you joined?』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0017)
『Cuz it still doesn't feel good even now. It's a
　lot better than when I started out though.』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0043)
『Exactly. Even if it's hard or your body's too
　stiff, it'll get better if you keep at it, so do
　your best today too!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_00

暁 莉乃(CH02_0044)
『Nn--, nn--... come to think of it, why'd you join
　this club, Cocoa?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0018)
『Nn--, fuh--... why the sudden question?
　...Nn--....』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0045)
『No well~, and I feel bad for saying this but, nn--, fuh... you
　don't seem like the type to do club stuff, like, nnn...
　haah...--! Like, fun's your biggest priority and stuff, you know? ...Nn--』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_01

田中 心々愛(CH04_0019)
『You're not... ah--... wrong about that, but we
　need, to join--... hah... a club, at our school,
　no? Nn--...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0020)
『If we didn't, I would have... --, ne... nn--...
　haah... never joined a club to begin with, you
　know?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0046)
『Yeah, so why this club and not another... nn--,
　fuuh... that's all, really.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_02

暁 莉乃(CH02_0047)
『I mean, if you were looking to just skip....
　aah--, there's probably better clubs than this
　one. Like the cultural ones.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0021)
『Nnnn--... well, it was the leotards, I took one
　look and knew that, they'd be real guy magnets
　so~』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0022)
『Like, if a girl like me had a hidden pure side
　then, nn... fuh, ah--... guys like that sorta
　thing, you know?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0048)
『Eeh... is that it? Nnn--... but that's just like
　you--, I think. Haah--....』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_03

田中 心々愛(CH04_0023)
『I was actually planning on ghosting the club....
　once I learned, some of the, kuh--... more basic
　stuff.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0024)
『But it was actually pretty fun once I tried it,
　nn--, even I was surprised ah--, there's no fixing
　forward stretches for me though.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0049)
『Compared to the start, when you couldn't bend
　down a single degree from 90--... hoh~, you're so
　much looser now. And you're getting better still.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0025)
『Thanks--! Ah, right, part of it's also that it's
　fun to do it with you, senpai~. Fuh--, nnn...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_04

暁 莉乃(CH02_0050)
『Fufuh, thank you. Fuuh~... nn, see? You're plenty
　serious about it yourself.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0026)
『Ah but~, nnn... for me, the biggest reason's
　gotta be... the sex has gotten so much better,
　like jeez...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0051)
『E-Eeh...!? That's your biggest reason for
　continuing?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0027)
『Yes. Nn, my control over my hips, and the poses I
　can take, fuuh, haah... oh and, my boyfriend
　says... nn--, apparently, I'm a lot tighter--.....』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0052)
『Hey...! Jeez! Everyone else can hear you, so
　let's not talk about that now of all times!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0028)
『Then I'll just whisper~. Nn, haah... these
　stretches are so hard to do, when I can't distract
　myself...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0053)
『Whisper really quietly then.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0029)
『Okay. Fuuh... haah... Ah, but I've actually been
　pretty curious, have you fucked your boyfriend
　yet, senpai?』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0054)
『Eh, fu--... o-ow--... owww....! I-I haven't--!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0030)
『Ahahah, you're the one who said that I should be
　careful about twisting anything, senpai~』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0055)
『I-It's because you brought up something so weird
　all of a sudden!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0031)
『So, is that seriously true? Nn, nnn--... haah...
　even though you've got such a lewd body? You still
　haven't done it?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0056)
『Nn--... d-don't look at me like it's something so
　unthinkable... I really, uhm, haven't done 'it'
　yet.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_07

田中 心々愛(CH04_0032)
『Eh, isn't that insane? Fuh... fuuh... wait, is
　your boyfriend... like impotent or something?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0057)
『I-Impo...!? Haah... nnn--... n-no, he's not...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0033)
『Ah, so you know that for a fact, huh? Hilarious.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0058)
『D-Don't laugh at me now... You know, like... when
　things get good, I uhm... I can feel him, looking
　at my crotch, you know?...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0034)
『Ahah. I feel you. Haah, fuuh... ah yeah, my
　boyfriend and I have been going to photo booths to
　get prints of us doing it and...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0059)
『Nn--, hah--... nn? Erhm... what do you mean...?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0035)
『Exactly what it sounds like. Ah--... fuuh... we
　fuck while the camera's counting down on us and
　pose for a shot. It's really thrilling, you know?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0060)
『Wha--! You do that, in public!?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0036)
『It feels great, you know~? Nn--... catching some shots
　of us doing it in a new pose is a real bonding moment
　too... wanna check the place out after club's over?』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_09

暁 莉乃(CH02_0061)
『I-I could, haaah... ah--... never ask my
　boyfriend to do that!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0037)
『Ahahah, you're overthinking it, senpai. Nn--... all
　I'm saying is that we should go take a look. You can
　ask your boyfriend to go with you anytime, you know?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0062)
『I-I'm fine. Haah, fuuh... nn... I'm not, into
　doing stuff like that, like you are.... nn--』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0038)
『Haaahn--... then, just let me know if you change
　your mind. I don't mind showing you the ropes.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0063)
『Cocoa, that's... nn--, you're an expert on the
　weirdest things, you know... nn--, haah...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0039)
『Nnn--... no, it's not like that, haah... I'm just
　worried about you... nn--, fuuh....』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0064)
『...Worried?』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_11

田中 心々愛(CH04_0040)
『Nn... haah... the fact that you don't fuck him
　even when you know he's hard, means you're making
　him hold it in, no? Nn--...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0041)
『Nnoh.... nnn--... I've never seen a guy, who
　doesn't cheat after something like that. ...Nnn--』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0065)
『Fuuh... haah... I-I don't, think everyone's like
　that... nn--.... haah...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0042)
『But~... unlike us girls, it's really hard for
　guys to hold it in, you know? Nn--... so before it
　gets to that...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0043)
『Haah... it's better to just let him do it, and
　get it--... over with~』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_12

暁 莉乃(CH02_0066)
『Nn--... you, think?....』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0044)
『Ah, even if he's not impotent, but just goes soft
　during the middle of it, please let me know,
　okay?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0045)
『You and I are cool, so I don't mind lending you
　my boyfriend for some practice~』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0067)
『Jeez! Cocoa, no more of this! All the juniors are
　looking at us...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0046)
『I'm being pretty quiet here, you know? You're the
　one shouting it for everyone to hear, senpai...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_13

暁 莉乃(CH02_0068)
『Haah... jeez... alright, no more stretches after
　this set! You were going to do the same practice
　today as me, no?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0047)
『Yeah yeah~! Ah~, finally I can escape this hell~』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0069)
『It's 5 more to a set, just so you know.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0048)
『Ueh... fine~...』


