


***SELoop_se_COCicadasILS2R_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}

***BGround_BG99_00

After finally somehow taking care of all the
various chores piled upon me by one teacher after
another, I finally got to take a breather.

Maybe it was because I rubbed it off again and
again using that dream as fap material until the
sun was properly up in the sky,

but I was already completely exhausted, and even
the smallest task was starting to feel like a pain
now.


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

――――――――

――――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***BGround_BG06_00

I skipped just one day of sweeping this place, and
dust was already flying from the slightest flick
of the mop.

The hallway leading to the 3rd years' classes was
already like this even though barely anyone had
used it since summer started.

As soon as I started working again, the sweat I
barely managed to reel in during my break started
flowing out again.

I mindlessly cleaned the floor while listening to
the club students calling out to each other on the
ground outside.

So hot, I'm beat... I had to actively keep myself
distracted, else I'd just get irritated.

The hallway bereft of any students only felt
longer and wider than it actually was.

Man, I want a better job. But I don't want to work
more for less pay either. This job really was my
bottom line.

...I was trying to be mindless about it, but in
the end my own irritations flowed out with the
sweat. I lightly wiped it off my face with my sleeve.

？？？(CH02_0173)
『Hey, I've got something to talk about.』


I stopped at the sudden voice calling out to me.
It was a voice I knew well. Wiping my sweat off
again, I turned around.

***BGM_不穏な空気{100}


***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03_中央

主人公
『Rino-chan, huh? What's the matter?』

***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}[0](1)

With an unassuming face, she walked towards me
while looking straight at me.


暁 莉乃(CH02_0174)
『...I see you're working but, I've got something
　to talk to you about, so could you stop what
　you're doing for a minute?』


***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}[0](1)


主人公
『Something to talk to me about?』

I was covered head to toe in sweat here, but
forget any words of appreciation, she didn't even
have a smile as she got closer.

Not cute at all but, looking at her again, she was
a good woman, with the sort of body I liked.

Her limbs were toned from all the exercise, and
her curvy bodyline couldn't be hidden.

And in this heat, her skin looked almost firmly
taut, and a bit sweaty. It all invited my gaze in,
as if natural.

Such perfect wank material appeared before my eyes
once again. Even though it hadn't been long since I
last did it, I could feel my crotch raring up again.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0175)
『I really don't want to talk about this in a place
　like this but...』


主人公
『Want to come over to my room to chat then?』

With the dream from this morning still in my head,
I immediately invited her. I was even more excited
than I was in my dream.

Back when she was attached to me, she'd go with me
anywhere without a word. Honestly, I had a hard
time getting her to leave sometimes.

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口への字_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0176)
『No. Not happening. I don't want to ever go
　somewhere where I'm alone with 'you' again.』


She spat it out bluntly, as if disgusted. And what
was more, she was calling me 'you' (anta) instead
of uncle.

Just a bit of away time was all it took for her to
go from being that attached to being this hateful,
huh?...

Even though I'd been so good to her. Was she
misunderstanding something? Does she think I don't
know how her mind works?

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0177)
『Hey. I'm trying to talk to you here, so don't
　space out. It's important.』


Inwardly, I clicked my tongue at her attitude, but
I remained calm.

主人公
『...I'm listening, so tell me.』

***SE_door_fridge_close_stereo{100}[0](1)

Suppressing my own irritation, I put the cleaning
supplies against the wall.

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0178)
『The other day, you came to the gym during our
　club's practice and you stared at the others...
　and me, no?』


主人公
『It was a real sight to see growing girls like you
　doing your best. Young girls truly are something
　else.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0179)
『--! ..."Growing girls", just keep that to
　yourself, will you? ...Seriously, that's what I
　hate so much about you.』


主人公
『But you really are a growing girl though,
　Rino-chan.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0180)
『You know that's not what I mean...』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0181)
『Haah... anyways, I want you to quit it with
　sexual harassment like that.』


Her face looked severe, but her skin and underwear
visible through her sweat-soaked shirt was like
rain in a drought.

***Face_リノ_目怒りNL_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0182)
『Even now, you just tried to take me back to your
　room...』


主人公
『You were the one who didn't want to talk out
　here. It was only a suggestion, Rino-chan, nothing
　more.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0183)
『That so?』


My irritation only grew at the ridiculous and curt
manner she was replying in.

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0184)
『Either way, as the custodian, you'll probably
　need to come to the gym sometimes but it'll really
　stand out if you stare at me like that...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0185)
『So could you seriously not? Especially when
　there's people around. It's really creepy.』


"Take me", "break me"... and then when I left town
for a few days, you found yourself another man and
think you're a bigshot now?

主人公
『So it's fine when there's nobody around? Then
　again, you did love me looking at you, didn't
　you?』

I threw it out, on purpose.

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0186)
『--....!! I told you, I don't and I never did!!
　And seriously, stop that!』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0187)
『--...』


She must have noticed my grin, as she got startled
and tried to stop herself from getting upset.

...Boring. She oughta know that if she wants a
favour, she's gotta entertain the other party a
bit as well.

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨みNL_口つぐみ_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0188)
『I don't want others to get weird ideas. They're
　going to suspect things and...』


主人公
『Isn't that you just being a bit too much of a
　worrywart, Rino-chan?』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口への字_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0189)
『No. Because both Otoha, and my other juniors...
　they notice something's off when you're around.』


Otoha-chan aside, that Gal junior of hers really
did have a sharp eye for it.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0190)
『So even if you see me, don't pester me.』


***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0191)
『...W-We... did have that sort a relationship back
　then but...』


主人公
『..."back then"?』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0192)
『--!... A, uhm, a few years ago, before you left
　town for that job... back, then.』


主人公
『Aah, so that's what you mean.』

Her bite was visibly wilting away. Look at her,
trying to pretend to be all grown up. In the end,
she's the same as she was.

Interesting. Let's try poking her more.

主人公
『So then, what relationship are you talking about,
　exactly?』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口への字_赤み03

暁 莉乃
『...............』

***Face_リノ_目怒りNL_口つぐみ_赤み03

主人公
『I won't understand if you clam up like that.
　What's wrong?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0193)
『....I'm not, clamming up...』


Look at her, already getting confused. Wonder what
sort of face she'll show me if I fan her on.

主人公
『We did have a whole lot going, after all~... If
　you don't tell uncle clearly, how will I
　understand?』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0194)
『--...』


Even if she has a boyfriend now, if she hasn't let
him make a move on her, then she's still my woman.

And yet, look at her trying to put on airs and
trying to rebel, only to fall apart like this.

I'll have to make her understand.

主人公
『We had a lot of fun times together, didn't we?
　Like when I took care of you at your home all of
　those days...』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み04

主人公
『And whenever your parents were around, the way we
　hid away in your room... It was hard to keep the
　sounds from leaking out though...』

Though I was teasing her, I myself was starting to
get aroused.

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み05

The girl that was glaring at me right now, was the
same woman that loved sucking on my cock.

The more I said, the redder her face got.

Even the way she was huffing from anger was
nothing but provocative.

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み06

主人公
『Oh and yeah. You used to be so greedy for it,
　you'd beg and beg even when we were outside...』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0195)
『It's all already in the past!!』


She shouted out in the hallway, at the top of her
voice. I was taken aback.

主人公
『...In the past, huh?』

I returned the words to her, in a slower tone.

***ST_リノ_D2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0196)
『Yes. It's in the past. So stuff like that will
　never happen again between us.』


She glared at me as she caught her breath.

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0197)
『That's what... that's what I came here to talk
　about. I just wanted to make it clear.』


主人公
『Hoh, "stuff like that", huh... I'd like it if you
　could make it clear exactly what you mean.』

***ST_リノ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0198)
『I haven't said a word of it to anyone, and I
　don't plan to either. I won't so... don't, drag it
　back up... like you did just now.』


She ignored my words, and was getting worked up.
Those days must be flashing through her mind right
now.

***Face_リノ_目怒りNL_口無表情_赤み07

主人公
『No chance, huh?~... What a shame~. Even though
　you're such an attractive woman, Rino-chan...
　Haah, what a waste.』

***ST_リノ_D2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0199)
『Don't make fun of me!』


主人公
『I'm not. Looking at you like this, I really did
　feel that way again.』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0200)
『Well I don't want this anymore.』


主人公
『Why?』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口つぐみ_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0201)
『W-Why... isn't it obvious? I-It's wrong...』


主人公
『You say that, Rino-chan,』

主人公
『But when I was leaving town for that job, I still
　remember what you were crying out for.』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0202)
『Stop it. I told you not to drag it back up. I
　don't want to remember it!』


主人公
『I remember it sometimes, you know? You pushed me
　down yourself, and shook your hips on top of
　me...』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0203)
『Stop it!』


主人公
『And told me to cum inside you...』

***ST_リノ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0204)
『CUT IT OUT!!』


***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0205)
『...I really don't want to let you of all people
　know but, right now... I have a boyfriend.』


...I was expecting it but, so this was what she
really came here for. Aah, so ridiculous.

主人公
『Hoh... so you've got a man, huh? Makes sense,
　with how lewd you are, no man would be able to
　resist.』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0206)
『--...』


***Face_リノ_目睨み_口つぐみ_赤み07

I thought she'd yell out again but, she managed to
hold herself back.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目睨みNL_口無表情_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0207)
『...I only understood after I found someone I
　really loved.』


***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0208)
『Back then, when I thought I loved you, I was just
　confused. That wasn't "love" at all...』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0209)
『That's why, there really won't be anything like
　that between us. I want you to leave me alone.
　Even if you see me, don't talk to me.』


***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0210)
『...That's all I had to say.』


Having spat out everything she wanted to, she went
back to having that sharp, calm expression she had
when she first got here.

I see, so this woman really thinks that this is
enough to end it, huh? She really is... way too
immature.

Only her body has grown so pointle... no, into
such a slutty, men attractor of a shell.

And does she think her body's forgotten all the
training I gave it?

主人公
『-- Ahahahahahaha』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0211)
『...What are you laughing about?』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み06

主人公
『So you've grown so big that you can hook in and
　catch men yourself, huh~?』

Trying to hold back my laughter, I went out of my
way to lick her all over with my eyes.

Even though she was glaring at me, it was nothing
but the bark of a little puppy.

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0212)
『I'm gonna go then.』


But before she could slip past me, I slowly
stepped forward, and blocked her way.

主人公
『I've known about that 'boyfriend' of yours for a
　while now, Rino-chan.』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04

暁 莉乃
『...?!』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み04

暁 莉乃(CH02_0213)
『How the heck do you know? Why!』


主人公
『This is where uncle works, you know? ...I'm here
　all day all night. Even back when he assaulted
　you...』
***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口への字_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0214)
『No way... w-were you... peeping?』


主人公
『You wound me. I didn't even have to. That entire
　side's visible from next to the tool shed, you
　know?』

Even as she flinched, I drew a step closer.

主人公
『You were snuggling up to each other real close
　even as you chatted, weren't you?』

And another. ....I could feel her hot, worked up
breath.

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口への字_赤み04_アップ

主人公
『About this close to each other...』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04

暁 莉乃(CH02_0215)
『Hey...』


主人公
『Don't think uncle doesn't know, just how much you
　love the scent of a man~』

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み04_アップ

暁 莉乃(CH02_0216)
『...I-I'll scream, you know?』


She tried to threaten me, but this woman was so
stupid, she didn't realize that even that was
arousing to me.

主人公
『Was it "Taka-kun"?... I do wonder, weren't you
　more aroused than he himself was?』

When I took his name, the mouth that she'd been
opening to scream... hurriedly close down, as she
froze up.

主人公
『And really... rather than screaming, why don't
　you just try to push me away instead? Like you did
　with him?』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0217)
『--...』


主人公
『What a poor guy, really.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0218)
『Wha--....』


主人公
『The girl he thinks pushed him away because of her
　innocence, had actually already spread her legs
　wide for another man...』

I moved my hand, as if trying to stroke her waist.

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み05_アップ

暁 莉乃(CH02_0219)
『N-No! Don't touch me!』


Even though she could just push me away... But
this girl hadn't changed a bit. ...She couldn't.
Because her body already knows what's next.

主人公
『I bet he can't even imagine the sight of you
　sucking on a cock, getting creampied and loving
　it, and going crazy orgasming.』

From her hips to her crotch, I traced my fingers
down her panties to tantalize her.

***Face_リノ_目焦りCE_口怒り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0220)
『N-No--... no--...』


...She can't push me away, because I trained her
not to. To obey me no matter what, if there's
pleasure to be had.

主人公
『Even back then, you weren't scared at all, but
　rather just aroused, no?』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口焦り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0221)
『No, I wasn't, stop it--!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_00
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_前戯中_喘ぎ2_初期{20}


主人公
『Hoh, that so? Even if you can hide it from your
　boyfriend, those words won't work on me, you know?
　I know what you're really like.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0222)
『Haah--, haah--... you're wrong.』


主人公
『Even if you keep denying it with your mouth...』

主人公
『Just look at you, panting so hard. Aren't you
　just dying for it?』

Her female scent was one I knew well. She was my
woman in the end. I knew exactly which spots

could make her squirm, could drown her in
pleasure.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0223)
『Get your, hand off me--!』


主人公
『Aah, jeez... you still get wet so easily.』

***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_01

暁 莉乃(CH02_0224)
『I-If I scream, it'll be over for you, you
　know...!』


主人公
『That so? Don't worry, uncle will make you scream
　out in a different way.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0225)
『Stop it--!』


主人公
『I'm not going to. I know you had to wait a lot,
　but don't worry, uncle will make you feel all
　better now.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_02


暁 莉乃(CH02_0226)
『Aaauu--... nnnn--...!!!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_03
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_前戯中_喘ぎ2_後期{20}


Her folds were clinging to me so tightly and
crazily, it was enough to make you think she was
waiting for it all this time.

主人公
『And your pussy's as slutty as ever, swallowing my
　fingers up even though I barely touched it.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0227)
『No--... ah, aah--... ah--... haah...』


主人公
『Look at you... were you already wet the moment we
　started talking? That's my Rino-chan for you~』

主人公
『Do uncle's fingers feel good? You're just
　gobbling them up...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0228)
『Nnah--, d-don't move--.... them--... ah--...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_04

主人公
『Look, your pussy's squealing out in happiness,
　see? ...What a wonderful and ripe pussy it is.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0229)
『It's becau--... see, y-you're movin... gg it
　in...! Sto... nnah--...』


主人公
『Good kids don't lie, Rino-chan. It's because your
　pussy's twitching and clinging so hard to me, that
　I'm making it feel all better.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0230)
『I ne--... ver--, asked--... ah--, aah--... hah--,
　ah, ah... ah--』


主人公
『Even though I grinded it down so much with my
　adult cock, it's as tight as ever. What a tempting
　hole you've got.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0231)
『Ah--, ah--... no, I'm--... I'm not--...』


主人公
『Yepyep, you're not. You only become such a slut
　in front of me, you're different when you're with
　your boyfriend, aren't you?』

***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_05
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_小刻み_喘ぎ1_初期{20}


暁 莉乃(CH02_0232)
『Ah--, ah--, aaah--... nnah--, not, there...!
　...Ah, hah.... nnah, ah--... s-stop moving
　them...!! Aah--!!』


主人公
『Aaah~... gushing out so much pussy juice, it's
　like you're peeing... now I'll have to clean it
　up...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0233)
『Y-You're the one, mov--... ing your--, no--,
　nnnn--... no--... ah--, haah--, haah... ah, ah--』


主人公
『I'll clean up all the love juice you drip out
　though, don't worry. Imagine if people found out
　that you were getting...』

主人公
『your pussy churned up in a place like this, and
　enjoying it... especially Taka-kun. We wouldn't
　want that, now would we?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0234)
『Ah--, ah--... nnah--...!! P-Please--, stop--...!
　I can't--, ah--... nn--... I really--...
　can't--....』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_06

主人公
『I remember the weak spot you loved getting rubbed
　too. ...It was around here, wasn't it?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0235)
『Nnhiih--! No--, sto... not there--...
　seriously...ah--, hah--... aah--... nnah--, ah--,
　ah--』


主人公
『I'm sure you probably dug out your slutty pussy a
　whole lot while I was away but...』

主人公
『Bet it felt nothing like the sensation of my
　adult fingers, so you must have been super
　unsatisfied, no?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0236)
『Hah--, ah--, ah... I-I did not do--... nnah--,
　au--, aah--... nnkuh--... haah, ah--...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_07

主人公
『You don't need to lie. C'mon, feel free to savour
　the fingers you used to love so much.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0237)
『Kuh... I don't want to--... nnah--.... auu--,
　kuh.... ah, hah--... nn... haah, ah--, ah--...
　ah--, ah--, ah--』


主人公
『You really do cry out in the sweetest way
　possible when I rub you there...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0238)
『Sto--, cum...! No... fuh... haah--... ah--...
　nn--... fuuh, fuuh.... st--... stop, stop...
　it...!』


主人公
『If you want me to stop, then try tempting me by
　shaking your hips and taking them in and out
　yourself. I'll stop if you do that.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0239)
『Fuh, nn--, ah... fuh... no way--... I'll, do...』


主人公
『That so?... If you can't then I can't exactly
　stop~...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0240)
『Nnaah--!! Hah, ah, kuh... haah, ah--... no--...
　no--... ah--, aah--, ah--... haah, ah--』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_08
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_小刻み_喘ぎ2_初期{20}

主人公
『Rino-chan, your pussy's so melty inside, and hot
　enough to melt my fingers too... I'm glad to see
　you're loving this.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0241)
『Nnn... kuh... hah, hah... I can't, I really
　can't--... No--! Nn, ah, ah, ah... aah, ah, ah--』


主人公
『Are you almost there? Your slutty pussy's
　clinging onto me so tightly, I can barely move
　them. There's no helping you, is there?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0242)
『...I can't--... no, I... have a boy...
　friend--...! Ah--, hyuh--, nnah--, nn... nnn....
　ah... uwah--...』


主人公
『Still acting like an innocent girlfriend, even
　when you're about to cum from the fingers of a guy
　who you were 'done' with, huh...』

***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_09

暁 莉乃(CH02_0243)
『No, I--... ah--... no--, cu--...』


主人公
『Let's make you cum now, shall we?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0244)
『N--, no--, ah--, n-noo--... I don't want to
　cu--... mmm--...!』


主人公
『Let's cum hard... and remember just what sort of
　a bitch you are, and who you belong to, okay?~』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0245)
『Nnnnn, nnngh--... nnogh--...! ...Sorry, I'm...
　sorry, Taka--, kun.... Ah, I'm not... like...
　nnn--』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_10
***LoopCV_FadeOut

主人公
『You're my bitch--! Come on, cum!』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0246)
『No--, I'm--...! Nnhuh, no--... ah, aaah--,
　no--... ah--, ah, ah, ah, ah, aah, noo...
　cumming--...!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_11

暁 莉乃(CH02_0247)
『Nn--, aaaaaaaah--...!!!』


***BGround_BG06_00
***Cinema_END


***SELoop_se_COCicadasILS2R_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}
***BGM_マーブルコーヒー{90}

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(下半＋パンツ半)_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み08汗08_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0248)
『Haah... haah... haah... ah... haah... nn,
　haah...』


***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口焦り_赤み08

主人公
『Man, that surprised me. To think your knees gave
　in just from that light fingering. What a slutty
　girl you are...』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0249)
『Haah... haah... nnah... haah... nn... haah...
　ah... haah...』


主人公
『Being played around like this in the hallway, and
　yet loving it so much that you can't even speak...
　no wonder you don't want your boyfriend to know.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口驚き_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0250)
『Haah... nn... haah.... ah... haah...』


主人公
『This is you, Rino-chan. I wonder if you
　understand...?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0251)
『... I'm, no... t... nn, haah... haah...』


主人公
『Still can't accept it, huh?... Then, I'll just
　have to make you understand it.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0252)
『...I said... nn, I'm... not...』


***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08汗08

主人公
『I'll make it so that you won't even be able to
　deny it with your mouth, that you're crazy for my
　cock and only my cock.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0253)
『...No way that's, happening... haah... haah....』


主人公
『It's not good to be so pigheaded, Rino-chan...
　you'll end up regretting it if you keep being
　rebellious, you know?』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口つぐみ_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0254)
『...What, do... you mean by... that...』


It was clear that she was at her limit. Let's
leave her be with this for today.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08汗08

She was being so bitey earlier. I had no
obligation to pick her up. She can do it herself
once she calms down.

***Face_リノ_目困り_口無表情_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0255)
『H... Hey, wai...』


***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(下半＋パンツ半)_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み08汗08_画面外

***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono{100}[0](1)

I turned my back on her as she lay there in a
mess.

I trained her from scratch to fit my own tastes.
Like hell I'm gonna let some random brat put his
hands on her.

She always was, and will always be my woman
(bitch)

***FadeInBlack

***BGM_FadeOut

***SELoop_FadeOut


