


***SELoop_夕方のヒグラシ_ライセンス確認済み{45}

***BGround_BG13_00


Ever since I found out that Rino-chan was in the
rhythmic gymnastics club, highschool gymnastics
stuff has become my favourite fap material.

The way those leotards dig into their bodies is
just too good. ...Still, in the end media can't
compare to the real thing.

I'd love to go and take another peek at them doing
their club activities, but it was already evening.
Guess I'll just do a normal patrol for once.

The sun was setting too, so the heat should be
dying down. I could go out to the ground.


***BGround_BG01_00


***SELoop_夕方のヒグラシ_ライセンス確認済み{100}


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

There was a bit of a breeze but, the humid heat
was still refusing to give it up, and I was
already starting to sweat.

As I watched the shadows get longer while walking
around, I heard a young male and female pair talking
from near the club building. Probably some students.

If they're a couple, even better. Guess I'll
check.

It pissed me off seeing kids having romances, but
if I could catch them fondling each other, the
girl would make for some good fap material.

I quietly threw my glance at the voices from the
shadow of the building.

***BGM_不穏な空気{100}

***BGround_BG20_01

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03_右１
***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_左１

...But the ones I saw there? Rino-chan and an
unknown student.

They were almost snuggling with how close they
were. Are they dating...?

To think Rino-chan had a boyfriend... No, she's a
fine jewel, so that's not all that surprising.

...But no matter how reasonable it was, it didn't
sit right with me.

？？？
『So you know, his feints are super obvious, and if
　anything, he's holding back the rest of the team.』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03_右１
暁 莉乃(CH02_0070)
『Ahahah, seriously?』


？？？
『Honestly, he should just stick to playing defense
　at his level.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0071)
『Ahahah, you're being too harsh, Taka-kun.
　Thinking about it, at the regionals before summer,
　you beat them all black and blue, didn't you?』


たかし
『Ah~, that~? Yeah! You should have come, Rino. I'd
　have showed you my cool side~.』

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0072)
『Sorry. I just couldn't go. I was busy with my own
　club.』


The way they were talking, they really did look
like a couple.

It really had been a while since I'd seen her
smile like that. Indescribable feelings built up
within me like mud.

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0073)
『But I wish I could have seen you going at it. I
　wish I could have cheered you on.』


たかし
『Thanks. Seriously, come when you can, I'll show
　off a bit.』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0074)
『Yeah.』


She clung closely to him... and didn't even try to
let go. It was a night and day difference from the
way she was with me.

Laughing at all that pointless drivel with so much
joy... and even looking at him with dazed eyes
sometimes.

Fuck. The hell... flirting with her like that...

たかし
『Still, I said all that but, if you take the
　entire team on average, we're in top form so we'll
　probably get through the next practice game no sweat.』

***ST_リノ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0075)
『Jeez. Now you're just getting cocky, you know?』


たかし
『I'm telling you, the other team's pathetically
　weak.』

***ST_リノ_B1_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0076)
『Fine fine. But you gotta practice, okay? If you
　lose after talking big game like that, it'll be
　really lame, you know?』


たかし
『I know, I know. I'll practice, I'll practice...
　but you know, if you come to cheer me on too,
　that'll really give me a boost.』

He wasn't even remotely in her league, from any
angle. I only felt more and more irritated at this
sports club kid she called "Taka-kun".』

Why a guy like him, of all people... She really
has no eye for men at all.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0077)
『Nnn... sorry. It's overlapping with my club's
　stuff again...』


たかし
『It's fine, it's fine. I know you're busy, it's
　fine!』

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み05_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0078)
『--...』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口大笑い_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0079)
『J... Jeez! Don't rub my head like that, I'm not a
　kid...』


たかし
『But you are super adorable when you go red like
　that~』

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口大笑い_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0080)
『Jeez... What if someone s-sees me like this...』


たかし
『What's it matter? Everyone more or less already
　knows that we're going out, no?』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0081)
『B-But...』


たかし
『And if there's still people who don't, let's just
　show it off to them.』

His hand went down from the head he was rubbing to her
shoulders in a single motion without letting go, and it was
easy to see that he put some power behind pulling her even closer.

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0082)
『--... Ah, hey...』


She twisted her body slightly, and I could see her
trying to avoid it.

But the man kept pulling her closer anyway, as if
not seeing that at all.

たかし
『Hey, let's kiss.』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0083)
『Wh--, I told you, if someone sees us here...』


たかし
『...You say that, but we still ain't kissed even
　once, you know?』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0084)
『I told you... not yet, or really, how do I...
　erhm, I don't want it in a place like this...』


たかし
『Rino, that serious side of you... it really is
　just straight adorable!!』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0085)
『Wah--...』


***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_画面外

The son of a bitch suddenly hugged her, with all
his might. And at that moment, my irritation
turned into a darker, more sinister feeling.

***BGM_マーブルコーヒー{100}

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0086)
『Nn, don't hug me like that. I... told you...
　I...』


たかし
『Rino, did you just take a shower? You smell super
　good...』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口焦り_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0087)
『--!... --!.... Jeez... H-Hey... l-let go already,
　I really can't.』


***SE_movement_snow_rr1_mono

たかし
『Don't make a fuss like that. You love me, no? So
　don't try to run.』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口つぐみ_赤み05_中央

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口つぐみ_赤み05_画面外

暁 莉乃(CH02_0088)
『--Hah... no--... I told you--, not yet--...』


***SE_movement_snow_rr1_mono

***ST_リノ_E1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み05汗05_中央
His hands were now firmly on her chest, squeezing
and rubbing it.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0089)
『No... nn--... haah... uu, nnn....』


たかし
『You're saying all that, but your breathing's
　getting hot too.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0090)
『N-No--... this is, uhm--... Taka-kun, I
　seriously... can't...』


たかし
『Nope, you can. I love you too, Rino... Look...』

He was pushing up his own leg right between hers.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口つぐみ_赤み05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0091)
『Haah--... haah--... I told you... stop...--』


たかし
『Rino, I seriously love you...』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口つぐみ_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0092)
『Please... hah... p-pull it back... Uhm, y-your
　uhm... is... is poking into me... so I can't... I
　don't...』


He didn't move an inch, and Rino-chan kept saying
things like "it's poking into me" without clearly
telling him off... or pushing him away herself.

Even if they don't know I'm here, doing it in
public like this is a bit...

たかし
『...Rino, I really can't take it anymore. It
　doesn't have to be here... I know a more hidden
　away place.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0093)
『No--... N-No... --! ...I really can't... nnah...
　ah, hah....』


たかし
『You're panting too, Rino... Let me do it here a
　bit more... then we can move...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0094)
『No--... I'm not... panting... Erhm... I really
　can't yet... so please, Taka-kun, stop it.』


***Face_リノ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み06

たかし
『I'll make sure it doesn't hurt, I'll make you
　feel really good too...』

As she quivered, paralyzed, he reached into her
skirt and... went for her crotch.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0095)
『No--... stop... seriously, I mean it... no...』


たかし
『It's fine...』

***Face_リノ_目怒りCE_口怒り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0096)
『STOP IT ALREADY!!』


***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_画面外

***ST_リノ_E1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み05_画面外

***Flash_OutSide_White
***CameraShake
***SE_ドスン・ドサ音2{100}

***FadeIn_InSide_Black

Just as I thought he was going to pull his own
out, Rino-chan pushed away the man inches away
from assaulting her.

He stumbled, and though he didn't fall on his ass,
his expression looked like he did.

***FadeOut_InSide_Black

***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_左１
***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06_右１

たかし
『...The hell... that hurts... what are you pushing
　me away for!?』

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口怒り_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0097)
『Haah--, haah... I kept... haah... I kept telling
　you, to stop for so long!』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0098)
『I-I... I love you, I do but, haah, haah... I
　still don't... want to, do that yet!』


たかし
『You know, you... you always keep saying "not
　yet", "not yet", not fucking yet...』

The mood was so tense, it was hard to believe that
they were just laughing and giggling snuggled up
to each other until moments ago.』

たかし
『... haah--... I can't anymore. Seriously, it's
　too much. ...I'm going home.』

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口への字_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0099)
『Haah?! H-Hey! Isn't that just mean?! Are you
　really just walking away like that?』


Her face was read, though I couldn't tell whether
it was from anger or shock.

***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_画面外

But still, the dipshit brat only glared back at
her, before walking away straight where I was
hiding.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0100)
『....So awful!』


***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口への字_赤み06_中央

...Even as I watched her spit those words out, I
could tell that her heart had already melted for
that kid long ago.

Until now, I made do with only leering at her for
my own viewing pleasure but...

Seeing a scene like this only made my cock rock
hard, with a desire to monopolize her.

Like hell I'd give her up... her body up, to that
dipshit.

***BGM_FadeOut

It's mine. She's mine.

Like hell I'd let him have her.

With swirling emotions, I left the place too.


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

―――――

――


***BGM_異次元のセピア{100}

***FadeOut_InSide_Black

***BGround_BG20_00


***ST_リノ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗00_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0101)
『...Haah...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0102)
『... Seriously, just the... worst...』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0103)
『I seriously am... the worst.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0104)
『Haah...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0105)
『...When he hugged me, my heart... really
pounded... no, I was aroused.』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0106)
『And not from when he... called me cute and stuff.
No, I'd been wanting it... since he got near me.』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0107)
『When I smelled his scent... his manly scent, it
made me horny...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0108)
『And when I looked at him, his smiling, innocent
eyes were glittering so bright...』


***ST_リノ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0109)
『And that made me remember that disgusting new
custodian's, that uncle's gaze... and it made my
body throb...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口困り_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0110)
『And then he... stroked my head, it tickled so
much... it felt so good... it felt like I was
going to org...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0111)
『And then he said he wanted to kiss me... and he
even... squeezed me tight and, rubbed his thing...
against me...』


***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0112)
『...and I wanted it so bad.』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0113)
『I tried to play it off by acting silly and stuff
but, I really was out of breath.』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0114)
『And he could... tell so easily... I'm... just the
worst...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0115)
『And yet I pushed him away like that at the
end...』


暁 莉乃
『..................』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0116)
『Honestly, I really didn't care if he just did me
right then and there... and when I thought about
that...』


***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口無表情_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0117)
『I could tell I was getting really wet... if I let
him put his hand in there, he would have
definitely...』


***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口への字_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0118)
『So I didn't have a choice at all....』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口驚き_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0119)
『... Haah... Haah... Haah...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0120)
『But, I really wanted it... Even just thinking
about it... is making me throb. I wanted him to do
me... I want to, I wanted to do it so bad...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0121)
『I couldn't hide even that much from him, so if he
went any further, he would have figured out just
what sort of a whore I am.』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0122)
『It's not like I... don't want it. Screw
kissing... I want to do it.』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目トロ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0123)
『Something way more extreme than kissing, with my
Taka-kun...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0124)
『I want to... do it so bad, do it so much...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0125)
『Nn... haahaah... calm down, calm down,
　Rino...--!』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口への字_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0126)
『I'm way too aroused. That's why... that's why I
can't. I definitely can't.』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0127)
『"I" can't....』


***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0128)
『Because my... body's like this... I'm not cute at
all. I'm just a, slutty, whore...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0129)
『I don't... want him to know that my body's been
like this... from even before we started dating.』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0130)
『For now, for just a bit longer... I want him to
keep thinking of me, as the pure girl he thinks I
am...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0131)
『"I'll make sure it doesn't hurt"?... "I'll make
you feel really good"?... It won't hurt, and I
already know... that it feels really good...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0132)
『I know it all. I've experienced way more insane
stuff... than he could ever think of.』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口つぐみ_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0133)
『So no matter what happens, I don't want him to
find out, that I'm not the sort of girl he thinks
I am.』


