


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}

***BGround_BG06_01

***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono{100}[5](1)

I was making my way along the second floor
corridor, by the windows. Before long, I could
hear some lively voices coming from outside.

The direction? The pool. It was of course the
reason behind me coming here too.

***SELoop_FadeOut

It all started with a message I received on LIME
this morning from Otoha-chan.


***BGround_BG95_01

***BGM_時の流れは味わうもの的なbgm{90}

As we just exchanged greetings and made small
talk...

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0927)
『<Erhm, this is completely off-topic but...>』


Ever since I exchanged details with Otoha-chan,
the message app that I barely ever used became a
bit more of an everyday thing for me.

But today, she herself changed the conversation,
which was unusual.

***SE_ui_menu_popup_01{100}[0](1)

主人公
『<What is it?>』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0928)
『<I don't have any extra lessons today but,
　there's something I'm super looking forward to
　instead.>』


***SE_ui_menu_popup_01{100}[0](1)

主人公
『<What sort of thing?>』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0929)
『<We got permission to use the pool so, Rino-chan
　and I are gonna go have fun there today.>』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0930)
『<It's been so long since I've been to a pool, so
　I'm a bit nervous... If only we could play around
　in it together like we used to.>』


The moment I saw that last little bit, I realized
that she was trying to invite me, in her own
roundabout way.

Even if we were hidden, I did make her do that
right in front of her mother, so I thought she'd
be over me but...

If anything, she was asking me to come see her
myself. In the end, she couldn't control her own
urges and wanted to see me.

And of course, she was doing it in a way that I
liked. ...And likely turning a blind eye to her
own desires instead.

It seemed that by pinning it all on me... she was
trying to avoid her own sense of guilt.


***BGM_FadeOut

――――――――

――――

***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}

***BGround_BG06_01


Doing my morning work, I'd already been through
this hallway several times. ...But finally, I
could hear the voices I was looking for.

Leaning my torso out of an open window, I looked
towards the source of the lively voices.


***BGround_BG19_00

***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{80}

***BGM_海辺のステップ{100}

***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目困り_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１
***ST_リノ_B1_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0931)
『Rino-chan, wait~. You're going too fast~.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0287)
『You come over here too, Otoha.』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02汗10

There seemed to be no one there aside from the two
of them.

Well, that was primarily because there were few
students who'd come out so far away from their
homes just to swim in the school pool.

But thanks to that, there was almost nobody around
who could get in my way, and I could get my fill
of staring at them.

***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0932)
『I will so just wait up~』


***ST_リノ_A2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0288)
『Fufuh, yeah sure.』


***SE_SPLASH_Subtle_mono{250}[0](1)

They laughed together, as they exposed healthy
growing bodies on the surface of the water.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0289)
『The forecast said it'd be cloudy too. It's a good
　thing it isn't, huh?』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0933)
『Yeah. I really didn't think it'd get this sunny
　though.』


Their skin, even glossier now that they were both
wet, was dazzling.

And their wet swimsuits weren't just clinging to
their bodies, no. They were almost digging into
their youthful bodies.

The curves and pits that were usually hidden by
their uniforms were in plain sight, emphasized by
the light.

***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0290)
『What a perfect swim day. I said all that but, I
　never actually applied for pool permission before.
　It's pretty nice.』


***ST_オトハ_A2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口困り_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0934)
『Really? I for sure thought you came here a lot,
　with your friends and whatnot.』


***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0291)
『Not really. All the other girls prefer going to
　the public pool in town. It's a bit far but it's
　much better than this one.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0935)
『Huh. How far is it?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0292)
『A few stops down the train. But it's a really fun
　place. Ah, come to think of it...』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0936)
『Nn?』


***ST_リノ_B3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口困り_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0293)
『What made you invite me here of all places? It's
　super unusual.』


***ST_オトハ_B2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0937)
『Eh, ah... r-really?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0294)
『Yeah, I nodded along on the phone but, I only
　just remembered.』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0938)
『...Remembered what?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0295)
『You know. Haven't you always been terrible at
　swimming? I remember, you couldn't manage even 10
　seconds under the water.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0939)
『Y-Yeah, I'm still terrible at it but... well uhm,
　you know, we do have mandatory pool classes
　here...』


***Face_オトハ_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0940)
『And it'd be really embarrassing if I can't swim
　at all in class even though I'm so old now. So I
　wanted to get some practice in...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0296)
『That makes sense.』


***SE_SPLASH_Movement_04_mono{250}[0](1)

Rino-chan smiled at the response that only sounded
like an excuse to me, and swam by next to
Otoha-chan.

***ST_オトハ_D1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

The waves she produced climbed above Otoha-chan's
chest, wetting her shoulders and making her
shudder from the cool sensation.

***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0297)
『In that case, I'll give you some special
　training.』


***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0941)
『Eh!? I-I'd love that but, I really can't swim all
　that much out of nowhere, okay!?』


***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0298)
『Don't worry. We can start with getting you to
　learn to keep your head down, or learn how to
　flutter kick with a kickboard. How about that?』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0942)
『Jeez, I'm not in elementary school anymore, you
　know.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0299)
『Ahahah, I'm joking, joking! Let's see just how
　much you can swim first, okay?』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0943)
『Fufuh... Rino-chan, you're just like an older
　sister, you really do think of everything.』


***Face_リノ_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0300)
『That so? I mean, I do teach my juniors in the
　club a lot, even if it's not swimming, so I guess
　it's just natural?』


***Face_リノ_目デフォCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

***SE_Bathtub Water Movement{250}[0](1)

The waves wet her body, and drops of water ran down
her hair, drizzling past her neck, her shoulders
and finally her chest, making her curves glisten.』

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0301)
『If you can pick up how to swim even a bit, I'll
　take you to the pool in town sometime.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0944)
『Eh, but... uhm... I don't, really have any cute
　swimsuits or anything...』


***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１
***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0302)
『How about we go shopping for one together then?
　We can practice here until then.』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0945)
『Fufuh, thanks. ...Will you come here again and
　help me practice if I ask?』

***Face_オトハ_目デフォNL_口微笑_赤み03汗10

As she finished the sentence, she scanned the
surroundings for an unnaturally long period.

***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

...Maybe she was trying to see if I really was
watching.

***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口困り_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0303)
『Of course! ...Nn? What's wrong? Heard a sound or
　something?』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0946)
『Ah, n-no. Let's practice then.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0304)
『No, let's play first! You did ask me to come for
　that, after all.』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0947)
『Okay. Thanks, Rino-chan.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

She replied, with her body slowly swaying up and
down. You could even say she was being restless.

It was her we're talking about, after all. She was the one who
asked me to come but, she might have been feeling guilty about
it. Still, it didn't change that she wanted me to be there.

I had to clearly make her understand, just what it
was she was asking me for.

***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10_画面外
***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_画面外

***BGM_FadeOut


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

―――――――

――――

――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***ST_オトハ_A1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１
***ST_リノ_C2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0305)
『Huh... it's already so late?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0948)
『Come to think of it... we got time until noon,
　didn't we?』


***ST_リノ_C2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0306)
『Yeah, I think the teacher's going to come to
　check soon.』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0949)
『I see. Let's get out then.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0307)
『Nn, let's go report it first then take a shower
　and get changed.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0950)
『Yeah.』


***Flash_OutSide_White

***SE_SPLASH_Water_Pool_Jump_01_RR1_mono{100}[0](1)

***ST_オトハ_B2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

***ST_リノ_A3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0951)
『And so I followed her out of the pool, right
after her.』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0952)
『We did take breaks regularly everytime the
teacher came to check up on us, but my body felt
heavy as soon as I got out.』


***BGM_FadeOut

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0953)
『In the end, I never did see uncle, I wonder if he
was watching from somewhere... or did he not
come...?』


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono{100}[0](1)

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

***BGM_異次元のセピア{100}

主人公
『Hey, you two. It's about time.』

***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0954)
『U-Uncle...』


***Face_オトハ_目驚きCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0955)
『He really did come...』


***ST_リノ_C1_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0308)
『Eh... why are you...?』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0956)
『Unlike me, who was happy about it, Rino-chan
immediately shrunk and tried to hide her body...
almost as if embarrassed...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0957)
『Huh...? Even though she acted completely fine in
front of the teacher that came to check on us...
why?』


主人公
『The teacher asked me to check up on you and tell
　you that your time was almost up, so.』

***Face_リノ_目睨みNL_口無表情_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0309)
『Aah, so that's why...』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

主人公
『Oh! It's been a long time since I've seen you in
　that swimsuit.』

***ST_オトハ_A3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0958)
『Eh, ah... y-yeah...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み05汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0959)
『Even though I was looking for him, being seen
like this really is... embarrassing... but I also
like it...』


主人公
『Man, you've changed a whole lot.』

***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み04汗10_アップ

暁 莉乃(CH02_0310)
『Hey, stop staring at her so much... it's sexual
　harassment, you know!』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0960)
『As if blocking his gaze, she stepped in front of
me.』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

主人公
『Ooh, my bad my bad. I didn't really mean to.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0961)
『I could tell that even as she stood in the way,
he was staring at her body while apologizing.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み05汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0962)
『I... was a bit embarrassed, but it was uncle
so... I really didn't mind it, but Rino-chan...』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み06汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0311)
『I told you, that's sexual harrassment!』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0963)
『Rino-chan's face is so red... even though she's
fine wearing a leotard normally, she gets so
embarrassed when uncle looks at her...』


主人公
『I really don't mean to, though.』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み04汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0312)
『Jeez... let's go, Otoha.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10_右１

***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み04汗10_画面外

***BGM_FadeOut

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0964)
『Just as I was wondering why, she grabbed my hand
and dragged me away from uncle.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10_画面外


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

――――

――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{40}

***BGround_BG29_01


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗00_右１
***ST_リノ_A3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗00_左１

***BGM_青空と君と(blue_sky_and_you){100}

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0965)
『I had a lot of fun today.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗00

暁 莉乃(CH02_0313)
『Me too. I'm super excited for your training arc
　too!』


***Face_オトハ_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗00

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0966)
『Fufuh, don't call it a training arc, you're
　scaring me, Rino-chan.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗00
***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口大笑い_赤み03汗00

暁 莉乃(CH02_0314)
『It'll be fine, it'll be fine. Anyways, I'll take
　this one.』


***ST_リノ_A3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗00_画面外

Rino-chan went through the door to the private
bathroom.

I put my hand on the door of the next one over.

***SE_Builder_Game_Door_Open_Squeak_7{100}[0](1)

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0967)
『Okay, then... I'll take this one.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗00_画面外

***FadeIn_InSide_Black

―――――――

***SE_Builder_Game_Door_Open_Squeak_7{100}[0](1)

―――――

***SE_Antique Faucet Water Turn On_加工{100}[0](1)

――

***SELoop_water_running_shower_dripping_loop_03{100}

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***BGround_BG32_01


***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0315)
『So you've been coming in for extra lessons,
　right? Made any friends yet?』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0968)
『No, not really. It's only boys in the classes
　so...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0316)
『I see. What do you do normally then? ...Do you go
　hang out with uncle, or something?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0969)
『--...』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口つぐみ_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0970)
『Eh, not really. Only when I need something.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0971)
『...Just why is she asking about that? ...Maybe
I'll ask her too.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0972)
『...R-Rino-chan, I noticed... that you've been
　acting pretty... cold to him yourself... did
　something happen?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0317)
『Nn... not really. I've just been busy with my
　club and friends, that's all.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0318)
『I mean, he was gone for a few years, right? So
　it's just, you know...』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0973)
『I see....』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0974)
『I took the plunge and asked, but that didn't tell
me much of anything at all...』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0975)
『...It really feels like she's trying to make me
distance myself from him. Just like back then. And
she was really embarrassed too, when he looked at her...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口つぐみ_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0976)
『....By any chance, does she... love him too... is
that why...?』


小鳥遊 乙羽
『..................』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0319)
『Otoha? What's wrong?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口驚き_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1557)
『N-Nothing, really.』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0977)
『It's not like I can exactly ask her how she feels
about him, as a member of the opposite sex...』


***SE_Builder_Game_Door_Open_Squeak_7{70}[0](1)

***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽
『...?』

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0978)
『Eh--, what, behind me... the door...?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口焦り_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0979)
『--!?』


***SE_heart beating_mix{100}[0](2)

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0980)
『...Uncle!?! Why is uncle here?!』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0981)
『The moment I was about to yelp out, he stroked my
head and put the index finger of his other hand on
his lips, signalling me to be quiet.』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み04汗10

主人公
『I see you're the one who asked Rino-chan to come
　with you to the pool.』

***ST_オトハ_D2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目驚き_口無表情_赤み04汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0982)
『In a very small voice, he laughed and said while
squeezing in with me.』


***SE_heart beating_mix{100}[0](3)

主人公
『Was it just an excuse, so that you could show off
　the school swimsuit that I said I liked, to
　me...?』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口困り_赤み04汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0983)
『My heart was still pounding... I was so
embarrassed at his words, I couldn't think of an
excuse at all...』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み04汗10

主人公
『You wanted to show me your wet swimsuit, no? I
　mean, else you could have just shown it to me in
　my room i nstead.』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み05汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0984)
『Uu... uuuuu....』


主人公
『You were trying to make one of my wishes come
　true, huh?』

***SE_heart beating_mix{100}[0](1)

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0985)
『T-That...'s not... u-uhm...』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0986)
『He's so close... it's embarrassing, but I feel
happy too... my heart's pounding so much... it's
hard to bear, as usual...』


主人公
『Am I right? Your messages this morning were just
　screaming to me to come and look at you, you
　know?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0987)
『Ah, uu... that was... I really did just want to
　play around in the pool...』


主人公
『At the school pool? Even though you can barely
　swim...?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0988)
『I-I am pretty terrible at it but...』


主人公
『You are, but you still tried to show off yourself
　in a swimsuit to me, huh?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0989)
『Nn... y... yeah...』


主人公
『I saw it earlier too but, looking at it up close
　like this, you really do look just super adorable
　and lewd in it.』

***ST_オトハ_D1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0990)
『L-Lewd....』


主人公
『It's a single layer of thin fabric, you might as
　well be naked.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0991)
『But, e-everyone wears one...』


主人公
『I love seeing you in a swimsuit like this too.
　Hiding all your important parts, and leaving the
　rest for my eyes to feast on...』

主人公
『And your boobs and butt too... and your belly
　too, they may be hidden but the fabric's clinging
　to you so tightly, I can see everything~』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0992)
『Haah... haah... nnn... haah....』


主人公
『Try saying it yourself, that you wanted me to see
　you in this erotic swimsuit. You can just whisper
　it in my ear.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0993)
『...O-Okay...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0994)
『...I-I wanted you... to see me in this...
　swimsuit...』


主人公
『Bad girl, one more time. Say it like I told you
　to.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0995)
『B-But, Rino-chan's right there...』


主人公
『You don't need to say it loudly, she can barely
　hear anything through the shower anyway. C'mon.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0996)
『...O-Okay...』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0997)
『I-I uhm... I-I wanted you to see... me in this...
　naughty swimsuit...』


***Face_オトハ_目焦りCE_口無表情_赤み06汗10

主人公
『Nope. That wasn't what I said, now was it? ...You
　need to call it an "erotic" swimsuit yourself.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0998)
『Haah, haaah....I... I... wanted you... to see...
　m-me in this... e-erotic... swimsuit.... haah,
　haah....』


主人公
『That's right. C'mon, tell me. Who did you want to
　look at who, and see what?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0999)
『...U-Uncle, I wanted... haah, haah...』


主人公
『You wanted me to... what...?』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1000)
『....--! She really will hear...』


主人公
『Otoha-chan, your breathing's getting really
　rough, you know?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1001)
『Ah, n.... no, it's not... I-I'm just worried
　about being caught... t-that's why my heart
　is--... haah, haah...』


主人公
『Really now? You sure you're not getting even more
　aroused just because she's there?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1002)
『T-That's not... haah, fuuh... haaah....』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06汗10

主人公
『Look, even I'm aroused. ...Try checking with your
　own hand...』

***ST_オトハ_A3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1003)
『Yah... ah....』


主人公
『Yeah, see?... The cock you love so much is so
　erect and even arching from seeing you in that
　erotic swimsuit.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1004)
『Nn, nnnnn....』


主人公
『You're a good girl, so c'mon, one more time. Who
　did you 'invite' just to look at who's what?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1005)
『...Haah, haah... nn, haah... I-I wanted, you,
　uncle.... to look, at me... in this erotic...
　swimsuit... at the pool...』


主人公
『Good girl, well done. My cock's pressing against
　your back, can you feel it?』

***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1006)
『Uncle, that's... embarrassing, so don't... haah,
　haah... nnah--, ahaaah...』


主人公
『C'mon now, turn around and look at me... and let
　me take a good look at you...』

***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07汗10_アップ

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1007)
『Nn--... I-I want you to look but... it's
　embarrassing when you... stare from so up
　close...!』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0321)
『Otoha, did you say something?』

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1008)
『--....! Eh, uu--... no! N-Nothing~!』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0322)
『Huh. Sorry, guess I misheard.』


主人公
『C'mon, you need to keep your voice down... else
　she's going to notice what we're going to do
　next.』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1009)
『Haah, fuuh... I-I'm sorryyy... haah, haah...
　w-what we're... going to... do next...?』


主人公
『Do you still not understand? Or do you actually
　just want me to spell it out? ....I'm going to
　stuff my cock up down here.』

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1010)
『--!! ...I-In here....!? Uncle--... that...
　that's... R-Rino-chan...』


主人公
『Look at you, going into heat... Bet you're
　sopping wet, no? Want me to check?』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1011)
『Haahaaaah... B-But... Rino-chan will...』


主人公
『C'mon, don't blame your friend now. Just the
　other day, we did it in front of your mom too...』

主人公
『And you loved every moment of that, didn't you?』

***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1012)
『T-That was... nn, ah... hah... haahaaaah....』


***Face_オトハ_目困りNL_口困り_赤み07汗10

主人公
『Don't make excuses now. Let's try it while
　Rino-chan's still in the next one over.』

***ST_オトハ_D1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07汗10_アップ

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1013)
『W-We can't... haahaaaah--, haaah--, haah...』


主人公
『"We can't", not that you don't want to, huh? ...I
　do wonder just what your pussy's like right
　now...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_00
***LoopCV_オトハ_VC我慢系_オトハ_通常_グラインド_汎用我慢喘ぎ_初期{20}


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1014)
『Ah--, you can't--... uncle, you can't--...!!』


主人公
『Oh? I don't think the water around here's this
　slimey. Do you?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1015)
『Nn--! ...Ah--...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0323)
『Hey, Otoha, you sure you didn't say something?』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_1016)
『He's telling me to "make an excuse", I can
tell... We can't, she'll really notice...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_01

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1017)
『I-I didn't say anything.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0324)
『Nn? Really? I'm pretty sure I heard your voice
　though. Well, whatever. Guess some water went up
　my ears...』


主人公
『...C'mon, quiet now. ...I need to touch you more
　just to make sure...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_02

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1018)
『Nnnnnnnnnn... fuuuh, fuuuh....』


主人公
『Even though you're so wet from the shower, no
　matter how much I rub it out, this slimey stuff
　just won't stop gushing out...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1019)
『D-Don't say it...』


主人公
『I see you're "ready to go" too, Otoha-chan. Your
　pussy juice keeps gushing out harder and harder.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1020)
『I-It's because you're, rubb... aaahn... nnn--...』


主人公
『I can't believe just how hard you're overflowing
　just to take in my cock. I guess you like doing it
　when someone's right there, huh?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1021)
『Yah--, ah--... hah... n... no, I...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_03

主人公
『No? Really? C'mon... I'll rub your favourite spot
　with my finger... try telling me what this is
　called?』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1022)
『Nn--... haah, haah... t-that's--....』


主人公
『That's...? That's what? C'mon...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1023)
『M... My clit... ah, hah... uu... nn...!』


主人公
『C'mon, say it properly. I'm going to make sure
　you say it.』

***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_04

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1024)
『Cli.... hah... ah, d-don't rub it...! Fuuh...
　haah...』


主人公
『If you don't say it, I won't stop until you cum,
　you know?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1025)
『... I will, I will... so...! Haah, haah...』


主人公
『Good girl. If you don't do what I say, I'll let
　Rino-chan see everything, you know?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1026)
『Haah--, haah--... y-you're... rubbing... my...
　clito... ris--.... Haah--, haah....』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_05
***LoopCV_オトハ_VC挿入系_オトハ_通常_挿入前待機_初期{20}

主人公
『Good job. Your legs are shaking. Does it feel
　that good? I can barely keep it in myself.』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1027)
『Haah, haah... uncle, stop, please... I'll go
　crazy...』


主人公
『Then, how about we enjoy ourselves together here?
　...I bet just pushing aside the bit covering your
　crotch will squeeze out some of your juice.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1028)
『N-Not here...! Rino-cha.. nn--... auuu....』


主人公
『Don't worry. As long as you hold it in, she won't
　find out. C'mon, bend over that chair and spread
　your legs... and welcome me in...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_06

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1029)
『Haah, haah... l-like this...?』


主人公
『You said all that but, in the end you're an
　obedient and lewd girl at heart.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1030)
『D-Don't say it... dummy... haah, haah...』


主人公
『I'm saying you're adorable. You loved it when we
　did it in front of your mom, so I bet you'll love
　it today too.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1031)
『Haah, haah--, uncle... I'll--... haah,
　definitely... m-moan... out loud...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_07

主人公
『Just gloss over it. In return, feel free to
　savour my cock thoroughly with your pussy.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1032)
『Haah, haah... uncle, you're... getting so big...
　haah, haah....』


主人公
『Your pussy is wet enough right now to fit it all
　the way down to the base.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1033)
『Haah, haah... Slowly, okay?』


主人公
『Of course I'll insert it slowly, unless you can't
　hold back and your perverted pussy swallows it all
　in one go...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1034)
『I-I'm not that naughty... Nn... Ah.. 』


***LoopCV_FadeOut
***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1035)
『Nn…！…～～！！！』


***Cinema_END


